Module 4: Developing Batch Processing Solutions with Azure Databricks

Microsoft Azure
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/

Azure Documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/

Getting Started with Spark 2: Learn Spark 2.x | Pluralsight
https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/spark-2-getting-started

Design and Document Data Flows with Microsoft Azure | Pluralsight
https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/microsoft-azure-data-flows-document-design

Welcome to Azure Databricks — Databricks Documentation
https://docs.azuredatabricks.net/

Azure Databricks Documentation | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-databricks/

What is Apache Spark - Azure HDInsight | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/hdinsight/spark/apache-spark-overview

Azure Databricks Pricing
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/databricks/

SQL Guide — Databricks Documentation
https://docs.databricks.com/spark/latest/spark-sql/index.html

Azure Data Explorer Documentation - Quickstarts, tutorials, and language and API references | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/data-explorer/

Power BI — Databricks Documentation
https://docs.azuredatabricks.net/user-guide/bi/power-bi.html

Transform data by using Databricks in Azure Data Factory | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/data-factory/solution-template-databricks-notebook

Notebooks — Databricks Documentation
https://docs.azuredatabricks.net/user-guide/notebooks/index.html

Markdown Syntax - Databricks Community Forum
https://forums.databricks.com/static/markdown/help.html

Azure Notebooks Documentation - Quickstarts, Tutorials, Guides | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/notebooks/

Tutorial: Perform ETL operations using Azure Databricks | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-databricks/databricks-extract-load-sql-data-warehouse

Cluster Size and Autoscaling — Databricks Documentation
https://docs.databricks.com/user-guide/clusters/sizing.html

Azure Databricks: Common questions and help | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-databricks/frequently-asked-questions-databricks

Using Notebooks — Databricks Documentation
https://docs.databricks.com/user-guide/notebooks/notebook-use.html

Tutorial: Stream data into Azure Databricks using Event Hubs | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-databricks/databricks-stream-from-eventhubs

Developer — Twitter Developers
https://developer.twitter.com/

Batch Documentation - Tutorials, API Reference | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/batch/

Run workloads on cost-effective low-priority VMs - Azure Batch | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/batch/batch-low-pri-vms

Azure Distributed Data Engineering Toolkit (aztk)
https://github.com/Azure/aztk

Azure Distributed Data Engineering Toolkit — aztk 0.10.1 documentation
https://aztk.readthedocs.io/en/v0.10.1/